>> Jen Kramer: So, we'll go ahead and
start writing some HTML.
The first thing that I'd like for
you to do is go to your desktop.
And I'd like you to go ahead and
make a folder here.
You can call your folder
something like day one.
That's a great name.
You could call it HTML, if you wanna
call it HTML, or anything else.
And what we're going to
do then [COUGH] is if you
simply take that folder and drag it.
Click and drag it right on top
of VS code and then let go.
>> Jen Kramer: This is gonna go ahead and
show you your day one folder and
its contents,
which probably have nothing in it,
over there on the left-hand side, okay?
So, this is a way of setting up a really
simple work environment for VS code.
And this is gonna show you where
all your files and folders are so
that you can access easily
while you're writing code.